## Meeting Notes


## 01/05/2020
### Overview:
The main objective of the meeting was to establish the goals for the upcoming week and get in touch.
 
### To Do:
- Watch the videos that Eric has uploaded
- Make a high level list with components that we need to order
- Start writing the PDS
- Meeting times
- Download the microcontroller's datasheet

### Done:

### Goals:
- By next Saturday we need to:
1. Have a list of components
2. Watch the videos
3. Establish meeting times


## 01/10/2020
### Overview:
The main objective of the meeting was to establish workloads for everybody for the week of 01/10/2020.
 
### To Do:
- **Ruben**: Writing proposal for drone kit for us to get familiar with the start-to-finish process of already working drone/code. Contacting Galois to confirm what parts of the IMU (or if all 3) are essential for us in case we don't need all 3 sensors.
- **Bliss**: Getting started on the .stl files in src/main/startup and speaking with the company or Roy about getting the HiFive boards .stl file.
- **Eric**: Finding a drone kit that will accommodate the size of the HiFive Board | Makefile research.
- **Niko**: Makefile research.

Everyone:
- Build the firmware at least once for one of the boards. (Basically figure out how to get the code fully compiled for one of the pre-existing targets).
- Use the files under **docs** for help. **docs/Customized Version.md**  and **docs/development** one of the files in that folder.

Note: Also please remember to try and build a easily visualized map for the rest of us as you figure something out (like what is important to focus on in the MakeFile)

### Done:
- Watch the videos that Eric has uploaded
- Establish meeting times

### Goals:
- This week we need to:
1. Send proposal for drone kit to Galois (to get familiar with the start-to-finish process of already working drone/code).
2. Confirm requirements for IMU device with Galois.
3. Look into startup file for FE310-G002 (where to get .S file?).
4. Begin researching drone kit that will accommodate the size of the HiFive Board (width = 51 mm).
5. Begin looking into Makefile (what is does/ how it works).

### Next meeting: Monday, 01/13/2020 6:00pm - PSU: Circuits Lounge
----
## 01/17/2020
### Overview:
The main objective of the meeting was to discuss the proposal for the Kit, 
talk about our findings
from the makefile and documentation in the cleanflight repo and RISC-V.
 
### To Do:
- Niko: PDS
- Bliss: Send Email Michal and Roy, explore HiFive board
- Eric: Trello vs Git- which to use for the project management, Makefile research
- Ruben: IMU and porting drivers research

### Done:
- Makefile research mapping
- Kit research and communication with Galois
- Risc-V tools

### Deliverables:
- PDS draft until Friday 01/24/

### Goals:
- Each team member needs to build cleanflight on their machine
- Continue exploring the repo

### Sustains:
- Keep meeting Monday and Friday at 6pm
- Pair and meet to tackle more challenging parts when schedule permits, 
outside regular meeting times
-------
## 01/20/2020
### Overview:
The main objective of the meeting was to discuss the project's timeline, the Project Definition Statement(PDS), the Weekly Progress Report and Milestones.

### To Do:
- Niko: Complete the PDS draft by Friday 01/24/2020,update Weekly report
- Bliss: Work on RISC-V assembly with Freedom Studio
- Eric: F3 Drivers
- Ruben: IMU and SPI


### Done:
- Reviewed PDS
- Defined Schedule
- Defined Milestones
- Began using Freedom Studio
- Load Balanced the tasks

### Deliverables:
- PDS draft until Friday 01/24/ and Weekly Progress Report
- Have a working example with the HiFive board (blink LED)
- Improve the makefile mapping and agree upon what files need to be modified and how
- Have Roy review our project timeline

### Goals:
- Each team member needs to build cleanflight on their machine
- Continue exploring the repo
- Have a good understanding how to interact with the board by the end of this week 
- How SPI works

### Sustains:
- Keep meeting Monday and Friday at 6pm
- Pair and meet to tackle more challenging parts when schedule permits,
outside regular meeting times

### Notes:
- Ask Prof.Faust about SDK's and porting one architecture to another
- Connect with Michal
- Verify what is the expected deliverable at the end of the semester and what is expected next semester

Next Meeting: 01/24/2020














